Terms of Service

Effective Date: 2/19/2026
Extension Name: Dead by Daylight Clock Maps

1. Acceptance of Terms

By installing or using the Dead by Daylight Clock Maps Twitch Extension (“Extension”), you agree to these Terms of Service (“Terms”). If you do not agree, do not use the Extension.

2. Description of the Extension

Dead by Daylight Clock Maps is a Twitch Extension that displays maps and related visual information within Twitch streams. The Extension is provided “as is” and may be updated, modified, or discontinued at any time. The maps are created by Hens333 and has granted permission to use. As such, the maps may be updated, modified, or discontinued at any time by Hens333.

3. Eligibility

You must comply with the terms and policies of Twitch in order to use this Extension.

4. Acceptable Use

You agree not to:

Use the Extension for unlawful purposes

Attempt to interfere with or disrupt the Extension’s functionality

Reverse engineer or attempt to extract source code

Use the Extension in a way that violates Twitch’s policies

5. Intellectual Property

All rights, title, and interest in and to the Extension (excluding third-party services or map providers) are owned by MatoGi.

Map data and related services may be provided by third-party providers and are subject to their respective terms.

6. Disclaimer of Warranties

The Extension is provided “as is” without warranties of any kind, express or implied. We do not guarantee that the Extension will be uninterrupted, secure, or error-free.

7. Limitation of Liability

To the fullest extent permitted by law, MatoGi shall not be liable for any indirect, incidental, or consequential damages arising from the use of the Extension.

8. Changes to These Terms

We may update these Terms from time to time. Continued use of the Extension after changes means you accept the updated Terms.

9. Contact

If you have questions about these Terms, contact:
Email: mahpiyaate@gmail.com